All right how does the exercise look at this.
While I've been waiting for you this image is still loading this website now.
Very good is it.
I wanted to know that there's a few things you might notice in here that while you might not see and
that is because browsers and you might have plug ins that do some extra things on your Web site but
as long as you see the scripts and the images that we've provided for the exercise that's all good.
So how can you improve this Web site.
Shouldn't be too too difficult.
We can see that we can minimize all text and yes you can even minimize the ASTM file even though the
savings might be small but he can do that.
You can go to style and also minimize each one of these files.
This is style and this style using something like mid-fi Julius
and if we do the minute fire over here we can also mid-fi our CSSA.
You can just simply copy and paste whatever we have which frankly isn't a lot but it would mystify it
for us and I can just copy and paste this into my code and this way all this whitespace will be gone.
And again with my script files I can do the same.
And we see over here that it took 2.5 minutes for this puppy image to get downloaded which is really
really slow.
Again we're on the slow 3G network here.
So let's just make a quick little fix here.
So I'm going to open this file and this puppy image I'm going to open it up.
And if I adjust the size of this image for now again I don't need all these pixels.
I can just simply see that an index that a shemale file.
I only need this to be 300 by 200.
All right so if I do 300 by 200 MY image just went from 5.6 megabytes to 15 kilowatts.
Let's say that hurry.
That's a lot better.
Let's exit out of this and I'm just going to my browser is just doing stuff on its own.
So let's start over.
I'm going to hard refresh
and we see that the image now is already loaded you can see that the puppy jpeg was downloaded in three
seconds from 2.5 minutes to three seconds.
That's not that.
And we can probably optimize this even more.
All right.
The next one is media queries and this one I kind of cheated because I've shown you how to do this before.
But you can see over here that maybe we don't want the large background we only want it for a small
screen size.
So perhaps I can remove this and now this will never have to load a large background image only one
the screen size is tiny
and you can play around with media queries and try different things.
Now finally the minimizing number of files and this is really easy to do.
All we have to do is make sure that instead of having two stylesheets we can just combine them because
they're not that big.
So I can just put my H-1 into this file and that way we only have one file to deliver.
We can do the same thing with Javascript.
And so having these three script files I'll just combine it all into one because they all should do
the same thing once console logging while all of them are logging.
And this is something called bundling.
We're bundling our files into one and doing this manually is not very fun and there's tools like well-packed
that do this for us now and we'll get into that later on.
But we can see that using these four techniques we can significantly improve the speed of this website.
Hopefully you were able to do some of these sayings.
I'm sure wasn't too too difficult.
But like I said things are going to get more and more interesting as we progress through the course.
Hope you had fun in this exercise and I'll see in the next one.
Babai.